Magalie Marcellus: Hey, what's going on.
SUMMER: I was just her. Actually, I was waiting
SUMMER: I was reading something just know
SUMMER: How vice president pants is going to control all the current coronavirus messaging from me from the health officials.
Magalie Marcellus: Which, you know,
SUMMER: Like very communist style. You know, it's like heavy censorship.
Magalie Marcellus: And White House.
SUMMER: censoring the Nash the nation's top infectious disease scientists. So that's via that's like very communist, you know, like, that's this is
Magalie Marcellus: Getting very, very serious and
SUMMER: Very real really quick.
Magalie Marcellus: People need to know what's going on.
SUMMER: I know right.
SUMMER: But there's a reason I think that they're not because
SUMMER: You know you you instill fear and then you have
Magalie Marcellus: Cans
SUMMER: You know, everyone, you know, then you have, you know,
SUMMER: Community unrest and, you know, so, I mean, I kind of get it but still very, very scary.
Magalie Marcellus: But
SUMMER: I saw someone from like the down in Florida. Today I was reading that there's some cases down by you, like, I don't know what
Magalie Marcellus: That specific haven't had a lot I yet, but yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Coming out with a little bit of time.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah my section media.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Oh, wow. How you been, it's been a while.
SUMMER: I know, I know. I was just talking to the ICO my
SUMMER: End of the day, and I apologize about my side he's watching something is very, very high right now.
Magalie Marcellus: We've been
Magalie Marcellus: Excited.
SUMMER: Yeah, he had everyone laughing on Tuesday and blessing.
Me.
SUMMER: You're talking to a hobby probably
SUMMER: A little bit. You have your little quiet right now. Okay.
SUMMER: Yeah, we're talking about because I think all of us were kind of like there everyone's going through. Obviously there are things and
Magalie Marcellus: It just seems like
SUMMER: Everyone lately that I've come in contact with has been really struggling, like a little bit more with just whatever they have going on and
SUMMER: I know on my and I went
SUMMER: Really, really, really.
SUMMER: You know, up, down, up, down, but more down. Recently, I have just as of the new year.
SUMMER: Literally, it was like three, four days after
SUMMER: New Year's Day. I started getting letters in the mail and you know I'm on a lot of medications. Not like
SUMMER: You know, five or six like a lot and I started getting letters and from pterosaurs one after another after another after another, stating that they weren't going to be covering my medication, you know, whichever letter that had whatever medication name on it.
SUMMER: They were basically pulling it from their
SUMMER: formulary list.
Magalie Marcellus: So, as in
SUMMER: You're either going to self pay
SUMMER: Or you're just not going to have it. Period.
SUMMER: And
SUMMER: That has been breaking me because I don't have
SUMMER: Things that keep me. Okay. Yeah.
SUMMER: I mean we just got sorted out. Thank God, the sub you text. The other day because insurance wasn't covering that
Magalie Marcellus: Either
Magalie Marcellus: They wanted you know what the
SUMMER: Just for two weeks supply, you know, that was with a good Rx discount discount and everything.
SUMMER: So it's just been insane, you know, and I just have been very withdrawn.
SUMMER: I kind of joked other night saying like when my music choice starts
SUMMER: To get really sad that usually mimics my
Magalie Marcellus: Mood
Magalie Marcellus: I had like
SUMMER: Joe Haley. I said, You know, I had the Sound of Silence it from, you know, Simon Garfunkel
Magalie Marcellus: And
SUMMER: Grew up in
SUMMER: It was just funny but like it wasn't
SUMMER: You know, because it was very real, but
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I mean, I've just been like stuff.
SUMMER: I mean, I feel really bad. My son, I'm usually really good at least taking care of him.
Magalie Marcellus: With all his needs. I just don't take care of
SUMMER: Myself, the way I should be but like he's always priority and like he's okay he's fine and everything, but
SUMMER: Like just you know I'm used to giving him like two beds, a day and like I'm lucky if I get every other day right now just picking them up. I mean, he's getting heavier. He's getting bigger.
Magalie Marcellus: And then, and
SUMMER: With all of this stuff going on. I just I can't
SUMMER: You know, really function.
SUMMER: So it's been, you know, the hospitals and notes, you know, all of that. This is getting exhausting. I'm
Magalie Marcellus: I'm just at the point with
SUMMER: All the doctor stuff. Oh, and that's another thing I get letters from my insurance company that matches the medications you know that they're not covering
SUMMER: But I just got one yesterday that my OB is no longer quote contracted
Magalie Marcellus: With care source and
SUMMER: Which is really weird because she's part of the public.
Magalie Marcellus: Hospital. I go to
SUMMER: And that's really strange because she is part of a hospital that it takes Medicaid and things
Magalie Marcellus: So,
SUMMER: They're either starting to get really, really, really weird and picky about stuff or
SUMMER: Just a, you know, I don't know coincidence. I don't know.
SUMMER: But it's scary.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that sounds like a lot has gone on, especially when it comes to insurance and stuff. And you do need
Magalie Marcellus: Medication yeah so so were you able to get the medication you needed to be able to function.
SUMMER: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Are you still working on that.
SUMMER: Ya know, we, we got
SUMMER: We got the sub you tax worked out yesterday. So you got that yesterday, we got my anti medics, we got that all taken care of. So like my anti nausea meds.
SUMMER: But everything else. If I don't either have it stockpiles already like there's, um, it's not an anti diarrheal but it's it's for Crohn's disease I stockpiled it like I wasn't really using it that much because it actually kind of
SUMMER: Solidified things more and it became more painful for me so I stopped taking the med and I just refilled it because I'm like you never know. Like if at any point my disease can do the flip side of everything.
Magalie Marcellus: And start to be the opposite and
SUMMER: Maybe that medication will work. Same thing with it put me back on lol
SUMMER: For receiving help some of my pain and that actually never worked for me in the past as far as for sleeping and for pain control and it's been helping me sleep. So that's, you know what, that's why I stockpile things because you never know your body changes.
Magalie Marcellus: And what a maybe never works. And you
Magalie Marcellus: Know, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: It's, it's just been exhausting. And unfortunately, you know, here at my house.
SUMMER: You know, I don't have help or support that like you know it's it's not on my I'm not expecting like my mother to, like, you know, do everything or do
SUMMER: Not trying to throw that on her, but I do have a hard time with, you know, kind of like
SUMMER: I don't know. I guess I could put it this way. If my son was my age, and he came to me is, and with all the stuff that I have going on and he had in his cancer any of this, I would do everything in my power, no matter what his ages to help if I was able to do so.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but do you feel that she's able. She's my she's chosen to do so.
SUMMER: She doesn't want to. Yeah, I think it's good Toby stop. You're gonna knock the entire thing over stop.
SUMMER: Stop Cove, don't do that.
SUMMER: Um, yeah, no, it's more of a like my brother nights off about it. It's more of a she grew up really poor. So all of her you know siblings are all very, like, this is mine, mine, mine, you know,
SUMMER: Just very greedy and very cheap. So, you know, I mean, I get it. Like, it's, it's what she has to survive off, you know, her, her rest of her life. Like, I get that. But
Magalie Marcellus: You know, it's just
SUMMER: Even just on the emotional side like my brother he struggles with, you know, he's struggling with a lot of suicidal thoughts and I didn't know this until I moved home.
SUMMER: And I'll hear him. I mean him. We'll talk about it, like, but she says the opposite of everything that you want your mother to say to you when you're struggling and
Magalie Marcellus: Support. He wants to leave and
SUMMER: Walk away and she wants all of us out you're pushing us like you're literally saying like
SUMMER: Are
SUMMER: We're too much for you. And that's not something when you're suffering as a child that you know someone's that you want to hear.
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
SUMMER: The emotional side of me like I even picking up toys and my son or something like it's become this cluttered insane mess down here that I can't tend to, and yes, even simple things like that. Like if I'm sleeping during the day. There's something wrong with me.
SUMMER: Like everyone knows that.
SUMMER: And I've been sleeping during the day and
Magalie Marcellus: It's
SUMMER: You know, there's just a lack of, of, I guess, consideration and respect around here and then the lack of caring
Magalie Marcellus: So what is she saying, so you're not saying to you that makes you feel that
SUMMER: points out that this is a burden on her.
SUMMER: You know, like my health is a burden on her.
SUMMER: What she has helped with
SUMMER: In the past, you know, medications or whatever that I haven't paid her back yet for which she has the means to do so to pay. It's not like you know
SUMMER: She didn't have it's it's not all like that.
SUMMER: And, you know, the constant, constant nagging of like she doesn't want us here.
SUMMER: She doesn't even want to come home. She doesn't want to live here. She doesn't want to see us.
Magalie Marcellus: And
SUMMER: You know, here's the thing. My son and I, we were in the basement all day.
Magalie Marcellus: We don't
SUMMER: We don't really interact with them that much except her if I go upstairs. I'll bring my son once in a while with me up the stairs and he can go say hi to them.
SUMMER: And that's about it like as far as the interaction, because it's very
Minimal
SUMMER: You know, it's not it's not really just my side. I mean, even when I do talk to her.
SUMMER: She's just not as she's already. I'm like somebody else I she's holding up a piece of paper and I'm talking about, you know, like something really important and she's
SUMMER: You could tell she's not even listening and she's like oh so tomorrow. I have to do this, this and this and you're like, you're not hearing me right now. I'm talking about
SUMMER: Something very serious and your brain is already on something else like you're not listening to me.
SUMMER: And I do think you know how much of it is a brain injury and how much is, you know, I don't know. That's what my brother and I don't know you know cuz she was. She has a very traumatic brain injury from
SUMMER: When she was hit you know how to run by cement truck. So, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Growing up, we were it's more than likely that she
Magalie Marcellus: It could be something new.
Magalie Marcellus: Identical. Yes, she can doesn't recognize that this is what's happening.
SUMMER: Right, right.
SUMMER: So I try to take that into
SUMMER: Consideration instead of like
SUMMER: Letting it
SUMMER: Completely get to me you know I'm always trying to stay mindful of, you know, maybe I have to take that into a lot of consideration because yeah i mean
SUMMER: More often than not, from what I see just memory alone. She's no memory i mean it's it's to the point where my brother and I have been talking a lot about
SUMMER: Taking the steps in trying to get ahead before it really falls apart. But, you know, she's not gonna be able to keep up, you know, on her own for
SUMMER: To lunch, or I mean she really shouldn't be driving. To be honest, I mean I every time I have to get in the car with her.
SUMMER: As part of the reason I don't leave either. It's not just that I don't feel good. It's that I am terrified to get into that car. It's the scariest thing to me. Um, if you need you need
Magalie Marcellus: Not busy. Okay.
SUMMER: Um, yeah. So I mean it's, you know, I had a friend, all the other thing that's been weighing me too, is I had a friend that was helping me
SUMMER: With, like, you know, some of these for my, my son, and he out of nowhere because quick background. I'll give you up him real quick. My husband and I, we had met him through a mutual friend.
SUMMER: And he had been a very good friend to us for a couple of years before my husband passed away. And the thing is, is this, this guy's like obsessive with me. He's got some kind of weird obsession and my husband and I used to talk about it. Like, is this like something innocent.
SUMMER: And he's just kind of
SUMMER: You know out there and slow or is it something that we should be, you know, afraid of and worried about
SUMMER: And we both kind of came to the conclusion that yeah he's just maybe a little slow. Like, that's all soon as my husband that he literally didn't want at. It was like the best day of his life, so to speak, like oh summers a freebie. Now, like he confessed his dire love for me. Like all this
SUMMER: Kind of like really heavy stuff.
SUMMER: So I
SUMMER: kind of caught him out of my life because I said this happened like two months after my husband died.
Magalie Marcellus: And I don't think that that
SUMMER: Was at all, respectful.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't think that
SUMMER: That's crossing some serious boundaries.
SUMMER: Then, and I found it incredibly scary, too, because I'm like you've had these feelings for this many years like this crazy of feelings.
SUMMER: And now you just want to like jump in and take you no charge. And I don't feel that way about you. I'm not attracted to you. I'm not
SUMMER: At all in any way, shape, or form wanting to ever be with you, like so.
Magalie Marcellus: He
SUMMER: I guess went down a really bad downward spiral when I cut them out of my life from what
SUMMER: People have told me he got a DUI, sir, drinking heavily. I know he's got an issue with drinking, but I got back in touch with him.
SUMMER: But my really go about two weeks before my son was born.
Magalie Marcellus: And
SUMMER: He had told me that my husband came to him like a month before he died and said, if something ever happens to me. Will you take care of summer.
Now,
SUMMER: I call bullshit on that because I highly doubt that my husband would have gone to him, of all people, um, at first I really question like, is this true, could it be I it's always kind of been like up or down for me like part of me wants to believe it.
SUMMER: But 75 80%
SUMMER: Of me is like,
SUMMER: No, that's just, I
SUMMER: That wouldn't be my husband and do that like this was a very rushed suicide attempt. And you know it worked. But it wasn't something he was planning.
SUMMER: Out.
Magalie Marcellus: It was very portable other
SUMMER: Letter nothing. He just yeah it was
SUMMER: Just a bad day and a bad choice and a bad day. Um, but he has been helping here and there. If I need them. And what I need him with hey I can't pay for this. Can you help me.
SUMMER: Out with that. Well, his obsessive side has come out a lot the past month. And so much to where he's like demanding my heart. He says, like he's
SUMMER: Literally it's emotional abuse in a way
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
SUMMER: I said, You're not respecting I
SUMMER: Said, I don't want to be with anyone right now. I said, I am trying to keep my priorities straight and heal myself.
SUMMER: From a lot of mental health issues and I'm dealing with and I don't want to be with anyone like I just don't
SUMMER: I said, I'm not ruling out in my life that I won't ever be with someone, again, but I'm just saying right here in the now. I don't want to be with anyone like i don't i don't want to
SUMMER: Be romantic. I don't want to be intimate, like, let alone, like it was, I don't even feel like being intimate like all these different things and he is
SUMMER: So creeper.
SUMMER: Stalker ish I he's on a stalker level now.
SUMMER: He will sit in front of my old house, my neighbors will tell me when I after my husband died.
SUMMER: And he would sit there and cry and his car. Like he would follow me around like he does really weird stuff and my brother, he, he really wants me to cut him out of it. You know my life completely.
Magalie Marcellus: Because so like I know you say he's been helpful financially so
SUMMER: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: It says that was the reason that you're keeping them. All right.
SUMMER: Well, I've always had a, like a piece of my heart that feels bad for him because he's a
Magalie Marcellus: Good guy.
SUMMER: I care for him as a friend. I understand him. I guess on some levels that I don't think he has he has support with like he has very dark emotions and dark feelings and thoughts.
SUMMER: And I've always understood him about that. So I've helped him through a lot of stuff, you know, throughout the years, but that was from a friend level never anything and he's
SUMMER: He's literally giving me an ultimatum like you either give me your heart or I'm not helping you anymore.
SUMMER: And he's not understanding. I'm like, How can you do that, number one, like if you want to be this father figure to my son. Do you think it's right to just cut me out knowing that
SUMMER: I don't have anything coming in, but to cut that out of someone's mouth like the food, you know, in his mouth without knowing I don't have another
SUMMER: You know, back up at least give me some time to figure something else out. But he's been very selfish with like
SUMMER: No, you're either giving it like his exact words like very demanding like you're giving me your heart. Now, or I'm not helping period and
SUMMER: Literally, there's been a week conversation of this and like it's just circles. I tried telling him and explaining him. This is why I feel the way I feel
SUMMER: And it just goes back to him. He, he's drunk. He's been drunk 24 hours. The best I'm like I don't even know how many days is gonna work for like two and a half weeks recently.
SUMMER: So I don't know, it's, it's, it's not just the financial end. Like I said, I mean that's a huge part of it, but it's not like I don't not care. I'm not not not using him.
SUMMER: I care for him. He's been a friend, like I said, For of mine and my husband for years.
SUMMER: But like my brother and I have been talking when in, where do I cross the line though and and put my foot and say you can't be rolling my life that way because you you know you want my, my heart and
SUMMER: You think that just because I'm going to give you my heart that you're gonna that's going to solve all your problems know even if I was interested I have pointed out to him. That's not going to fix your problems you may think it is and it would, but it would not
SUMMER: You would go through a honeymoon phase.
Magalie Marcellus: So just me.
SUMMER: Psychologically, and then when that wears
Magalie Marcellus: Out.
SUMMER: You're going to go straight back to your drinking and everything else, like it's you. He doesn't want to help himself.
SUMMER: So I've always been that the friend that wants to see him do well in life and
Magalie Marcellus: But if he's asking you for something specific. And you can't give them that, then you have to figure out, you know, where does that relationship spent
Magalie Marcellus: YEAH. ME FEEL ME IN THE Mandan and you feel uncomfortable about it. They may have to
Magalie Marcellus: Make a choice. Either to stop the relationship or what is something you want to really work on in
Magalie Marcellus: Life.
SUMMER: Yeah, and that's what I told him the other day I said I'm you know if this is too much stress, like he can't see the stress of me being as sick I am
SUMMER: Just the health side alone, he has
SUMMER: Expressed that the health stuff alone is very stressful for him.
SUMMER: Just knowing that
SUMMER: Everything is very, you know, up in the air with what can happen at any
Magalie Marcellus: Point, any time.
SUMMER: He has said it's too much for him. And I said, well, maybe then
Magalie Marcellus: If it's too much for
SUMMER: You then I need to remove that from your life you know like if you can't handle
SUMMER: Because I've had a lot of friends over the years.
SUMMER: They couldn't handle having a friend in the hospital, all the time. Like it just was too much for them.
SUMMER: So we've released a lot of friends over the years because of that. So I told him already
SUMMER: Oh yeah, that's another thing when he's calling my son, his son. He like very weird things that are kind of worrisome to me of, you know, do I keep him close because I'm kind of afraid of him to that's also another part
Magalie Marcellus: You know, because he's a
SUMMER: Really, really, really off like the deep end.
Magalie Marcellus: We are able to separate
Magalie Marcellus: Our descent yourself from him in path. So why would he be different this time.
SUMMER: Well, in the past, it was easy because a I wasn't here. I was in Detroit for a good half a year. And then when I came back. I was on the left side. He had no idea where I was.
SUMMER: Now I'm
SUMMER: I'm stagnant where I'm at. I don't leave I'm literally three blocks away from him. Um, he knows I don't have a car i'm not i other people's houses. I'm not anywhere that I can quote hide out. You know what I mean. So it was
SUMMER: Easy in the past because
SUMMER: I, I was out and about. I was with, you know, different people. I was at different places and you know now he knows that.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm three bonds wrong.
SUMMER: And he knows that I, you know, unless I lied to him and said, I have to go move to somewhere else, because I'm not allowed to live here anymore. That's all I think I could but he's
Magalie Marcellus: Like
SUMMER: He's tied to the plan in level where like if I said that he would probably sit outside and wait to see if there's a sign of me still here, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: With so problem. She does. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
SUMMER: I know
Magalie Marcellus: Regardless, you will have to make a decision whether you want to keep them in your life or not. And if you don't, then he is making things harder or do anything inappropriate things and you have to take another step.
SUMMER: Yeah, and that's kind of where my mentality has been in the past like you know week straight. It's been there for a while but
SUMMER: You know the tipping point really came this past week of it was like a light switch you want you know you went from
SUMMER: Very normal. You know, so to speak, but like a light switch just went off and he went to super insane mode of obsessing about this relationship thing.
SUMMER: And that's when I kind of said to myself, well, you need to tell him that if it's too much, then maybe like. He's admitting it's too much and I'm trying to use it as a you know a tool to say, then maybe we should
SUMMER: Back away, but he and
SUMMER: His head can't in his exact words he can't accept me not being in his life. Like he puts guilt on me that he'll either kill himself or that he can't live without me. So he plays that card a lot with me.
SUMMER: And then
SUMMER: Oceans right and that alone. That's that hits you know hits at home for me. That's my husband died. You know, like, now you're using that
SUMMER: In a way that is really, really hurtful to me because I feel like I need to save people. And I need to keep you around. Because if you're admitting to me that you know without me there. And I saw you go through a downward spiral and I did cut you out. I am afraid.
SUMMER: And my brother is trying to tell me like you can't control.
Magalie Marcellus: Me, you can't save everybody
SUMMER: Right. He's like you, if he wants to kill himself. He does what he's saying is, because you're not in his life. That's not true. Like,
Magalie Marcellus: You can't. It's a choices, making. But the thing is, then you have to expand. So I'm okay. You'll notice and those behavior.
Magalie Marcellus: That's not appropriate. And if he needs to be really be that support if he needs to get help from right well
Magalie Marcellus: Right, because it's obviously something is not connected. And this is why he's making those threats. Yeah. So for you to feel guilty, then you have to keep them around.
SUMMER: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: That's not the way relationship supposed to work.
SUMMER: Yeah, no, no.
SUMMER: And I know that, obviously, but you know I I pointed out very delicately to him over. You know what year and a half or so since we had been back in contact and whatnot. And I have pointed out to him numerous times, you know, with his He'll. He'll tell me, like, Oh, I haven't been drinking
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
SUMMER: X amount of time. And I'm like, well good when on time and reality, he was lying because he's trying to portray himself as this straight line.
SUMMER: Person so he can be this father figure to my son. So putting that in like a mask of, like, all he wants is to be me was me to be his girl you want my son to be his
Magalie Marcellus: Son is
SUMMER: Still be in a house in us happy family and you can
Magalie Marcellus: Watch your watch.
SUMMER: Right, and he can't accept that that's not what I want. Like you just can't accept it.
SUMMER: I mean, he's he's used, you know, lots of words. Oh yeah, well, I can't even picture, like, you know, I cannot live
SUMMER: With the thought of you being with anyone else. And though I've had full discussions with him and other people, including MY SON'S FATHER HAS TOLD THEM himself to like she doesn't feel that way about you. Do they she's
SUMMER: You know, telling them telling him.
SUMMER: You know, like she
SUMMER: Doesn't feel that way about you. So he he some twists words of mine a lot to make it sound like Oh, so you're going to give me your heart. One day I said no I'm not in a relationship. They don't want to be in one right now. He will flip that and say,
SUMMER: Oh, so maybe one day like one day.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, now have willing to accept or no.
SUMMER: Right, it's
Magalie Marcellus: Like so. Does your little time at all.
SUMMER: No, no, no, no.
SUMMER: No one I you know I don't really talk to anyone.
SUMMER: Come. Yeah. Yeah. So, and you know another thing is when you know he plays a victim role of, you know, his life fell apart and everything.
SUMMER: Was trash talking to me when I cut them out of my life. And I said to my brother, the other day, and we're talking about it. I said, you know, the thing that he fails to realize is that he always leaves out the big part of the picture, which is
SUMMER: The reason I cut him out because
SUMMER: It's faster dire love for someone two
Magalie Marcellus: Months in her
SUMMER: husband died of 15 years
SUMMER: And who you are also friends with
SUMMER: It's not like you did not know my husband.
SUMMER: That's not okay.
SUMMER: And you cross the line and I cut you out, but he doesn't tell people that
SUMMER: That part he tells them, like, Oh, she just threw me out of her life. That's what He said.
SUMMER: I'm like, no you don't tell them, like the main
SUMMER: Part like you've crossed the line. And that's not okay. It's not being respectful, you're not being respectful of my feelings or, you know, my, my even recovery wise I told her. I'm like,
SUMMER: I even tried to tell him like recently. I'm like, it's not okay for two people to really be in recovery together my
SUMMER: Year on your end, you're not even getting help.
SUMMER: Yet, and you want me like it. So I'm trying to like put different things on his head. Like why it's not okay for us to be together. Either you know like if I'm trying to tread lightly on this your water right now. I'm trying to see whatever works to get through to him and
Magalie Marcellus: Nothing is there.
Magalie Marcellus: Is there a reason is, he's my idol, except you're
Magalie Marcellus: Right, what have a question on that you use him because he's stuck on one
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, unless you say yes. And it's gonna be okay. Yeah, right. It's either you maintain that relationship or you don't maintain at all because He seems like he has a one way track and
Magalie Marcellus: Yep, yep. Nope.
Magalie Marcellus: And I've told him, and he's very
SUMMER: Obsessive and that's not okay, and he
SUMMER: You know, like that's Obsessive behavior in that that's not okay and you know he'll try to justify it, like, I'm not obsessing on my
SUMMER: Definition of obsessive Obsessive and I will go on Google and I screenshot him. I'm like this is that by definition, every text that you've sent me for a week straight. This is why I'm not okay with Obsessive behavior in general.
SUMMER: It literally rubs me the wrong way like
SUMMER: Someone's very clean and stuff. It just, I don't like that, you know, and
SUMMER: Oh, it's just
Magalie Marcellus: Like, how often do you communicate with them if
SUMMER: I don't communicate with him. He goes through a very crazy
SUMMER: Like
SUMMER: I mean,
SUMMER: Say like a week goes by. If I don't talk to him for a week. Um, he assumes like I'm either in the hospital, which I'll either tell him. Yes, just so I don't have to hear like you know
SUMMER: This, I don't have to explain to him for any other reason why they want to talk to him, but
SUMMER: I shouldn't have to. I've told
SUMMER: Him before to me. I'm not your girl, and I'm not your wife I if I don't want to talk to someone for a day, I have the right to do that.
SUMMER: I'm not a label person other than to my son. I remembered him see only label. I have as far as
SUMMER: living my life.
SUMMER: But
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, why do you feel you have to
SUMMER: Polish well
SUMMER: It goes back to me.
SUMMER: Feeling like I'm afraid that he's gonna go over the deeper you know over the edge if and
Magalie Marcellus: Any manage the last time to
Still
Magalie Marcellus: Keep himself someone
Magalie Marcellus: To get well so
SUMMER: Here's the thing. I think that emotionally. If you were, if I were to do that again and just caught him out that way that last time, from what I've heard. Um, I was
SUMMER: Really surprised that he had family involved when I caught him out. Like I would get really nasty messages from his dad and his mom.
SUMMER: And other family members and he you gotta do I, you know, because he was drinking heavily and his family was messaging me saying, How could you do this to my, you know, my son, and
SUMMER: He, he's falling apart. Over here, all because of you. And you know all that. So I'm naturally I'm extremely I'm going to impact to the stereos I've ever had. I feel pain for others. So I feel bad for him.
SUMMER: And I feel like if
SUMMER: If it makes him happy just to talk to me. Then what you know where's the Harmon net, but this is where I'm seeing it's not healthy because
Magalie Marcellus: Like is those awesome because it's affecting you. Right. Oh.
SUMMER: Right. Is it if I wake up and I'm like, Oh, great. There's 30 messages from him.
SUMMER: And I just got up in the morning.
SUMMER: And it's all about my heart. Why would you give it to me. It is every morning the
Magalie Marcellus: Best quality problem.
SUMMER: That's an issue and is another thing I don't want my son. I'm not judging anyone for any kind of, I mean, why would I judge anyone if they were using anything. I wouldn't my issue is, though, is that I am trying to put my son in the best environment. I can
SUMMER: And I won't put my son around someone that's drinking heavily, and I never will. So even that alone. I'm like, I'm not judging you for drinking. I'm saying
Magalie Marcellus: I'm willfully nice treatment nice will get treatment.
Magalie Marcellus: If you
Magalie Marcellus: Obviously, that means
SUMMER: He's got a problem. And I said,
Magalie Marcellus: I may be playing a role in the way he's behaving as well.
Magalie Marcellus: That's what I think.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Then he needs to take care of it.
SUMMER: As a depressant alcohol is a depressant.
SUMMER: Into that you know there's a million things. So yeah, um,
SUMMER: I, I gotta, you know, kind of, I guess, figure out some things. But, you know, for me, I kind of went through this. It was a shock phase, you know, like the past two weeks, not having, you know, anything to take care of my son, basically.
SUMMER: And not having that
SUMMER: You know this is going to happen, like in time to prep otherwise.
SUMMER: And I don't even know how I would
SUMMER: Have otherwise I really don't like I if I did, I would be already doing this.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So Sam, what other financial support. I
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: I know the last time the last few times would talk, you're still considering to see what are you be eligible for Social Security was that followed up on
SUMMER: It was denied, of course, the first time tonight. Yeah.
SUMMER: Okay.
SUMMER: So I have to either a find a lawyer. If I want to go that route.
SUMMER: And have the and i have 60 days, you know, to, to appeal that
Magalie Marcellus: That decision.
SUMMER: So I have. I've been debating like do I do I try it again right now by myself, or do I just get a lawyer.
Magalie Marcellus: Just get the lawyer and get the customer would way because
Magalie Marcellus: They won't charge any fees from the
Magalie Marcellus: Right, right. So,
SUMMER: And I know that they take like a really big cut
SUMMER: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: But sometimes a few mind.
Magalie Marcellus: I will get it approved is probably better than
SUMMER: That's what I love is more long
Magalie Marcellus: Term yeah yeah
SUMMER: The long term of okay I'm setup. Now that's more of a win. To me, then someone having me, you know, check for X amount you know any mean
SUMMER: I can set myself up.
SUMMER: Knowing that that's going to be there, and that is something I can depend on and
SUMMER: You know, all those things. So yeah, I know. That's another thing. If I had a car right now and everything I could probably be doing something different with
SUMMER: You know, you know, even flipping like if I felt low enough to get on, you know, and get out and go to like goodwill or something. I know a lot of people flip stuff you know on posh mark and all these other you know eBay.
SUMMER: I will figure out various things like that. But I don't have the tools to even or resources to do so. So I'm literally like stuck in this House.
SUMMER: I haven't left this house. I'm in two and a half months minus my hospital and then doctors appointments
SUMMER: That's it, like
SUMMER: I don't leave like I'm same thing every day, same you know and downstairs. It's just a repeat. I know for me that's really starting to weigh heavy on me.
SUMMER: I've been housebound for a lot of years, you know, even before my son was born.
SUMMER: And then, you know, when I wasn't
SUMMER: At home, I was in the hospital. So I'm used to this kind of thing, but it's getting to the point where you know how much longer can I truly be inside just leaving to go to the grocery store for 1520 minutes before all this stuff happened with the cars and whatnot.
Magalie Marcellus: That was
SUMMER: That little time meant so much to me.
SUMMER: 15 minutes of going to the store and having music on and being out for a minute, did me
Magalie Marcellus: Real well yeah and
SUMMER: Now I can't do that like
Magalie Marcellus: So how's your physical health altogether because I know you were trying to do a little bit walking in there and
SUMMER: It's been a blizzard you know
Magalie Marcellus: I forgot. You guys are in Ohio. So
SUMMER: Yeah, it's literally
SUMMER: Like we've had
SUMMER: No.
SUMMER: Okay. Is it feel the wind chill right now is a six degrees. So, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Cheese.
Magalie Marcellus: It's been, um, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Nothing in the oil.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
SUMMER: In Cleveland. We have the lake effect snow and it's literally we've gotten pounded
SUMMER: Every single week.
Magalie Marcellus: Since
SUMMER: What the end of October. So it's, I'm talking like a foot and a half, like a lot of there's a we had a bad leg effects. They'll come through last night and I think we had
SUMMER: Eight inches overnight.
SUMMER: It's crazy so long.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, like
SUMMER: There's no
Magalie Marcellus: You know, getting out for a walk, not
Magalie Marcellus: Somebody so I get it.
SUMMER: Yeah, I would. Yeah, but
SUMMER: But even that, like, say, I had my car and I was able
Magalie Marcellus: To
SUMMER: All right, I would get my son in the car and we can go to the mall and walk them out.
SUMMER: You know, and, and use the
SUMMER: Indoor walking versus, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Outdoor and
SUMMER: All those things that, like, I can't do even
Magalie Marcellus: physically speaking
SUMMER: Like
SUMMER: I haven't been well enough to watch it even leave
SUMMER: So that's been the flip side.
SUMMER: Of that, too.
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
SUMMER: Feels like a dead end or I'm just going in circles everywhere.
Magalie Marcellus: But why would the treatment because I know there was a couple of things in the works and trying to see
Magalie Marcellus: How yeah I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Now going to be effective for you did.
SUMMER: You talk about the infusions and stopping
Magalie Marcellus: You yeah just started infusion when we're tracking
SUMMER: So we had, I heard you know really bad reactions to it.
And
SUMMER: We tried on the lesson for you. Should I had to give me a bunch of pre meds prior to it to see if I didn't get a reaction.
SUMMER: And I
SUMMER: Still got a reaction. So we stopped it and
SUMMER: As I sit right now.
SUMMER: That I'm not even on anything for it.
SUMMER: Like they don't really know what to
Magalie Marcellus: Do because it's not on
SUMMER: Our other options. There's nothing
Magalie Marcellus: Else.
SUMMER: Like we've been down every route.
SUMMER: And, you know,
Even
SUMMER: The uterine stuff.
SUMMER: I need to have my hysterectomy to get that cancer out and I don't even know how to do that, go about that because
SUMMER: I don't have anyone to take care of my son. And that's six to eight weeks. I won't be able to pick him up like can't pick up you know over 10 pounds and I
SUMMER: You know, I'm the only one that is here for him. Like, how am I going to do that, like, I don't know, I can't watch him play some I'd be in the hospital for a week, I'm sure.
SUMMER: You know, like, I don't know what I'm going to do about this.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say, there's no way your mom could keep them for that.
SUMMER: Go are
SUMMER: Absolutely not. Yeah, not, not even out of safety. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah, that's a challenge in no man's nobody
SUMMER: Know, everyone that would be there for me is all down in Florida, and I've had a lot of people reach out you know that you know down there, say, you know, why don't you get yourself down here.
SUMMER: And you know what you can move in with me or, you know, I've had, I've had a lot of offers down there and I have the most support down there. The problem is is that's why we moved back home up here is where they're all at is the worst hospital and healthcare I've ever seen in my life.
SUMMER: They didn't even know how to treat my club.
SUMMER: Microphones like
Magalie Marcellus: It was bad.
SUMMER: So we made the decision to come home because they're the health care was that bad.
Magalie Marcellus: was better than
SUMMER: It was horrible. It was so bad. So we came
SUMMER: Yeah, back to please on for that.
SUMMER: Reason only
SUMMER: Why would we get off the island to come back to sell.
It.
SUMMER: We did it for the healthcare.
Magalie Marcellus: So know that option.
SUMMER: Isn't really, you know, really.
Magalie Marcellus: Good either
SUMMER: You know, like, yes, I had to support and everything, but I won't have the healthcare. Yes, it's
Magalie Marcellus: It's just so up and now on both
SUMMER: Sides of everything.
Magalie Marcellus: So, well, what's your short term goals right now. What do you need to take
SUMMER: A short term. I've been trying to look online to get
SUMMER: See if there's any kind of like freelance online work. I can maybe do
SUMMER: To just
SUMMER: You know, financially, I need to figure something out. It doesn't even have to be a lot of money.
Magalie Marcellus: Just enough
SUMMER: To figure out how I can you know support my son.
SUMMER: You know, and I don't really need much myself. I mean, he I need my medications. Um, but I'm kind of accepting that because they're also expensive. I just probably won't get on
SUMMER: You know, like I I can probably, you know, figure out something if I could like say got 50 or hundred bucks for a month. I probably could figure out something for my son, at least.
SUMMER: But, you know,
SUMMER: One medication. The other day alone when I called about it was 160 something with the guitar.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah and there's just
SUMMER: This just one med i mean i
Magalie Marcellus: There's 13 meds that they
SUMMER: Cut out so you know even if one of them say is $8 and the other 160 and then the other ones 160 and the
SUMMER: Other one I love
SUMMER: Yeah yeah and it's no problem, but mine. I mean I it's
That's something I've accepted.
Magalie Marcellus: But, you know, we're hoping that ensure the suppose so.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Yeah, give you a little bit of a week so you can get the treatment that you need.
SUMMER: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And then definitely you know
Magalie Marcellus: Does no that takes some time. The Social Security at least maybe the insurance piece of it will be different if you don't get that. Yeah.
SUMMER: Yeah, I think that probably would be the case, from what I know from what I've researched and read
SUMMER: I think that that seems
SUMMER: Like, you know, I would be a little more, a little bit better setup.
SUMMER: You know, with the help, I'd probably get because
SUMMER: I know a couple people that have, you know, that are on it right now. And they have, you know, security, I don't know if there's a difference between
SUMMER: What they do with the healthcare with just Medicaid or I'm sorry, just disability our supply us with supplemental income or whatever, you know,
SUMMER: There's a difference between those two with or do you get the same health care that I don't know. I'm not sure.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm gonna share but I'm just probably comparable cuz they will. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm compiling the same
SUMMER: Right.
That's what I've seen.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Something to
Magalie Marcellus: To look into and you know I know with transportation and trying to get you know everything situated and we put a good with
Magalie Marcellus: Doing looking for resources. Yeah, and making sure things are
Magalie Marcellus: Getting done but
SUMMER: Well, I've gotten a creative, you know, even with
SUMMER: I'm trying to figure out even little things like I've written to diaper companies asking, hey,
SUMMER: Can I have a sample can do guys
SUMMER: I don't want to go. I don't have the resources.
SUMMER: To know my entire package but
SUMMER: I kind of want to try your product. Do you mind sending some samples.
Magalie Marcellus: Some have sent samples and you
Magalie Marcellus: may only be like
SUMMER: You know, a coupon for maybe $10 worth or maybe they send the actual diaper and there's only like three of them in there.
Magalie Marcellus: But it's something I mean, absolutely.
SUMMER: Better than nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
SUMMER: So I tried to you know get really creative with
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
SUMMER: What I can you know do so short term, like I said, that's really trying to figure out something to at least get set up.
SUMMER: You know, even if I can
SUMMER: If I'm not getting it right away, financially, of whatever I figure out
SUMMER: Even if it's not a ray of you know right away. I know that at least I'm, you know, if I figured out, like, Oh, I can do this on eBay or whatever.
SUMMER: I just need to remind myself like okay well then I have to wait for the results, but I did the short term work by getting it all set up and running to
Magalie Marcellus: wait to get started.
SUMMER: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And, you know, allow stuff being done. So the social media audience.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Oh.
SUMMER: Yes, and that's actually something I've been reading a lot of
SUMMER: Recently, is you know people using something like you know just Instagram for selling things
SUMMER: And I never thought about that in you know this. I just think about social media isn't like Oh, I'm on Facebook, just to, you know, be friends and talk. No. And you know, I had to remind myself. No, I'm reading these blogs and people, you know, really.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, they're running
Magalie Marcellus: A business. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So some people have really good
Magalie Marcellus: You know the it's really a good profit for them or income so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and it's right inside your home and you have to go anywhere. Yeah, yeah, that's
Magalie Marcellus: How I know it's tough. And you've been in the program for a bit. Now, so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, anything that you feel that you know you're still missing or that you know you feel that
Magalie Marcellus: We're getting out where you want it to be. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Well recovery overall
SUMMER: Yeah, I have to admit, I'm I don't like group as much. I don't have any issues, obviously, personally, with the new you know counselor or therapist that took over your spot.
SUMMER: I don't at all. I think she's very
SUMMER: Lovely and she's very sweet, but I actually don't enjoy group is is at all.
Magalie Marcellus: And what are your friend left tool. I know you're all
SUMMER: Yes, that
Magalie Marcellus: Those dumb invites change so
SUMMER: Yeah, but I. The other night I was on with Danielle for like an hour and a half. We were trying to work through this, you know,
SUMMER: Care source insurance thing and I didn't get to eating my feeding my son until like later. So I was getting ready to log in to the eight o'clock and
SUMMER: They said, Do you want to just come in at 915 and do the 915 so you can take care of your son, a little longer. So yeah, let's just do that. And so I logged in, you know,
SUMMER: At the 915 one and it was a different you know therapist, and I actually really liked the 915 year but I liked that therapist war.
SUMMER: Because I was like, oh, I, I don't know. She was more engaging. I feel like the eight o'clock one as far as I'm a recovery side, I find myself very bored. Like, it's just, it seems very
Magalie Marcellus: Generic he has
SUMMER: That natural. Yeah, it's like very like let me read out of a book type of thing. You know, like
SUMMER: Here these are the 12 steps and this is let's
SUMMER: Talk about and I'm going to read them, you know, it's just not like. And when I logged into the, you know, this other new therapist that I never met nirvana. I think I don't know if you guys all know each other, but
Magalie Marcellus: She was wearing different states.
SUMMER: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I know. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: She's like,
SUMMER: I think that I might as, like, you know, to come in at a different session time because that's something that was very important to me that I you know I enjoy coming to group, but when it started to feel like it was boring to me and I found myself, like, All right, come on. Let's just well
Magalie Marcellus: Can you do the morning. I don't know if Lovato I've seen her name. I don't know. Personally, but I don't know if she does Ohio. That's the thing.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Maybe she was covering for someone
SUMMER: Right, so I'm going to ask um I log into the virtual clinic and maybe
SUMMER: Yeah, I'm in. See like mornings are really hard for me.
SUMMER: That's just out
SUMMER: Okay, yeah. Like it's that's the busiest time for me. And that's also the worst time
SUMMER: I don't like miserable in the morning.
SUMMER: Um, but I 915 is even pushing, even if they offered me to come in later like 915 I more than likely am I'm up
SUMMER: But I don't think I'd like to have the 915
Magalie Marcellus: Because man.
Magalie Marcellus: And a gene. So, why be
Magalie Marcellus: Great. And you have to get your son.
SUMMER: Right. And my side. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Why, yeah.
SUMMER: So I don't know. I'm going to talk to them and I'm also going to email. Dr. Jamison, and you know, see if maybe she's got any ideas to and all that.
Magalie Marcellus: As possible. They're going to be open in Otter goes. But right now, everything is done in the word
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Now,
SUMMER: As far as like the different states. Do you know like you. You have to be from like that state to be like in that group or do things like
SUMMER: Our. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
SUMMER: I'm gonna I'm when I talked to them. I didn't know if, like, maybe they would let me join another one just
Magalie Marcellus: Because now.
Magalie Marcellus: They have to go with, you know, whatever is
Magalie Marcellus: Happening. Yeah.
SUMMER: Okay, gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
SUMMER: And you guys are just, I mean, it's crazy how much it's grown and just the year that I've watched it.
Magalie Marcellus: Hey has yeah
SUMMER: I mean it's exploding. It was amazing. Like, it's so wonderful.
Magalie Marcellus: That
Magalie Marcellus: There's a need in the community. Yes. Fun states and that and it's helping people. And that's what
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, the goal. So for people to be successful in their recovery.
SUMMER: This is huge for me because I wouldn't be able to go to a place you know like the the requirements to the places around here.
SUMMER: Are very hard, like you
Magalie Marcellus: Have hi there.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
SUMMER: Yeah, you have four hours each. You know, this
SUMMER: Man, and like
SUMMER: I wouldn't be able to do that.
Magalie Marcellus: And I was in your life.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And if you're not physical physically able to
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And they said, a new
Magalie Marcellus: Desk.
SUMMER: This is huge for me. Yeah, when I
SUMMER: First came across
SUMMER: I remember thinking to myself, like when I was reading. It says, Ohio. But I was really doubting it was. I'm like, why would the. I'm not going to find something like this in Ohio. How do I would have already known about it if it existed and
SUMMER: The more I started to research it might know this.
And
Magalie Marcellus: This is. Yeah.
This life saving
Magalie Marcellus: A big gap and then
Magalie Marcellus: Push. Yeah, it's
SUMMER: I know I talked to Danny. I said, You know, I, I saw this kind of like the past six months. It seems like it just went to full on crazy
Magalie Marcellus: Wait for virtual clinic.
SUMMER: Right.
SUMMER: I think I would say, How's it on your side.
Magalie Marcellus: On my end. Yeah, I've been
Magalie Marcellus: Busy I chose not to go because I rather do the individual, but it's been busy.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, we're still getting you new patients on
SUMMER: The web was I'm very particular about staying with you.
Magalie Marcellus: All know that
SUMMER: And we always joke like just it's nothing personal. I'm like, I just
Magalie Marcellus: I really feel comfortable with.
SUMMER: Maggie, and she's kind of been with me, like the longest and
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, we've been spotted
SUMMER: I don't
SUMMER: I don't like to repeat a
Magalie Marcellus: Very
Magalie Marcellus: Complex story that right and you do have a you know a lot going on. So as I'm available. Yeah. And for a minute. I know things got a kind of crazy and you
Magalie Marcellus: Know, and I'm but I'm always available, you know, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, need to talk. I can always make some time in my schedule supposed to meet
SUMMER: Okay, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz I thought overall high z.
Magalie Marcellus: The little one.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, somehow, oh yeah cuz I know
SUMMER: He's gonna be
SUMMER: Too. I'm march 22
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay. Yeah, so
SUMMER: Maybe big
Magalie Marcellus: And toddler pushing
SUMMER: Officially, oh yeah, yes.
SUMMER: He's more on toddler mode like
SUMMER: I have a death wish I do everything that is the most
Magalie Marcellus: Experience. I'm in it. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Brian
SUMMER: Exploring he's very smart.
SUMMER: He loves to learn. I noticed, um, which is wonderful. I don't. I am not a person that I'm holding out on the whole life tech side of things.
Magalie Marcellus: Um,
SUMMER: I know that they're wonderful tools for, you know, kids to learn off of them quicker. I do know those things, but I've heard across the board with everyone I know that's given you know their kids tablets at young ages that
Magalie Marcellus: It's so much. It's
SUMMER: A addiction and they get hooked on it to the extreme.
SUMMER: And and I'm trying to balance that out.
SUMMER: My one should I give him if he doesn't even play my phone. He knows. Don't touch my phone like
SUMMER: I wasn't aware or FaceTime his dad just so you can see him.
SUMMER: And
SUMMER: He knows that like the only time he will touch my phone.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. And if you allow him. You really have to have some kind of structure and limit.
Magalie Marcellus: Is exposure.
Magalie Marcellus: Is eventually he's gonna have it but you don't want to
SUMMER: Put them in great
Magalie Marcellus: So advocate for that. Okay. He needs to have that in order to enter. Right. That's my answer.
SUMMER: Or zombie mode. Yeah, look down to like
Magalie Marcellus: Write
Code, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: And it's so true.
Magalie Marcellus: But no.
Magalie Marcellus: It's technology all the kids. I know, I know the new future.
SUMMER: I know I'm trying to accept that, like I'm young enough to I shouldn't have to be able to
Magalie Marcellus: But yes, they
Magalie Marcellus: Have limits. Yeah, yeah.
SUMMER: Yeah.
SUMMER: Like the tall tablet thing. I love my brother was going to get him one for Christmas, and we both have made a decision like let's hold off like
Magalie Marcellus: You know, like
SUMMER: Let's wait a couple more years.
Magalie Marcellus: And then he's gonna have access to it at some point.
SUMMER: He's learning just fine. Now, it's not like he's under anything like
SUMMER: He loves County. Like, that's his thing. He loves counting. He loves his colors.
SUMMER: You know I
SUMMER: When I do feel okay I do a lot of sensory development for, you know, like projects, you know, like, I'll go on eBay. And one thing may say, like, just put some baby food inside a ziploc and let them like push it around, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: In May.
SUMMER: Yeah, just different sensory say
SUMMER: Yeah, there's a lot of like very simple things that you can do.
Magalie Marcellus: And
SUMMER: So he's very engaging with with learning. He really really likes it, and he likes books loves, loves books.
SUMMER: He seems to like to read like he doesn't like for me to read them as much as he likes to have
SUMMER: Sex with himself ages. Yeah, so that's
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that's okay how language. So, so, yes. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm happy to hear that. He's gone well
SUMMER: I he is
Magalie Marcellus: He is
SUMMER: He's putting on his face right now.
Why
Magalie Marcellus: She's ready for his
Magalie Marcellus: Nap, or no, no, yeah, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Ready, he's
SUMMER: Really good.
Magalie Marcellus: About that.
Magalie Marcellus: But you said that he but he still, you know, put a little bit independent and
Magalie Marcellus: You're not
Magalie Marcellus: feeling too well.
Magalie Marcellus: I kind of gone into is
SUMMER: Very patient
SUMMER: In that sense, and I don't think like he I mean unless we have some way of yawning or now unless we have some way of and we just don't remember of knowing that someone maybe is whatever their, their behaviors, different than their normal maybe that's the way he sees it, he
Magalie Marcellus: would notice
SUMMER: Oh yeah, maybe that's it, but
SUMMER: What
Magalie Marcellus: They observe and they may not have the language, but they notice
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, when things change. So, yeah, yeah.
SUMMER: But he's been good like earlier today. I don't nap. Like I told you, during the day. And if I do there is something wrong.
SUMMER: And I laid down. I don't remember what time it was, but I laid down, you know, over here, and he was in his play pan and
SUMMER: When I woke up around I set my alarm. I didn't want to miss her session.
SUMMER: So I said it for like seven something and he was sleeping when I got up so you know he's been doing in that sense. So
Magalie Marcellus: He
SUMMER: He laid down when I
Magalie Marcellus: Had a sense
SUMMER: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Or when you need a break.
Magalie Marcellus: Me Down my schedule, I guess. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: He sleeps all night now.
SUMMER: Yeah, that's the good news that we see my old band together.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm I closely.
Magalie Marcellus: I
SUMMER: Mean I don't really have any other choice. Um, I have a little choice. I mean, he could sleep in his play pencils. There's a mattress in there but
SUMMER: I have a queen size bed in my bedroom. So after I had my surgeries in June.
Magalie Marcellus: I
SUMMER: asked my mom if she could clear off the bed and make some room up there so I can at least you know come up there, plus this food time was killing me.
Magalie Marcellus: And me.
Magalie Marcellus: So you sleep upstairs now.
SUMMER: We go upstairs at night now and
Magalie Marcellus: Like I said,
SUMMER: You know we closely. Um, but he sleeps Alma i and i I've done a lot of reading and post sleep. I was so anti anyone sleeping with their kids.
Magalie Marcellus: For
SUMMER: The longest time, and I even when I found out I was pregnant, like, I'm not going to sleep with my kid.
SUMMER: It's not going to happen.
SUMMER: And then what do you think happened.
I
Magalie Marcellus: Seen everywhere.
SUMMER: And the things that they're finding out on like the, you know, research side of coast, you know, closely being is, you know, very, very cool. I mean, it's
SUMMER: Showing a lot of
SUMMER: Fundamental timing.
SUMMER: Yep, yep, the closeness and all that.
Magalie Marcellus: As I've been doing it safely. Yes.
SUMMER: Yes, especially nowadays.
SUMMER: Older like when he was when I was closely being with him when he was, you know, a baby, baby.
SUMMER: That was when I was more nervous now he's you know toddler where it's different, I end up with feet like you know and and
SUMMER: Stuff on my back.
Magalie Marcellus: And my face.
Magalie Marcellus: But he's not, he's good.
SUMMER: So, at least I'm getting sleep at night because of him so that
It's not waking me up now.
Magalie Marcellus: That's less sleep is important.
Magalie Marcellus: And oh yeah you know it's always a challenge.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good.
SUMMER: Yeah, as I say, the only thing I really like I want to do, because I don't. I just want to sleep. The problems away, so to speak.
SUMMER: By um I also, you know, I need it because of my body like my body's just hurting and it needs that rest and you know I do feel guilty sleeping a lot of times, but I need to remind myself. I know you can't like, don't be because your body needs it.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, and they feel well. K. You wouldn't be sleeping so yeah yeah if you need the rest. You just have to do a change to do to keep yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: A function. Yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: No, it's so um you tell me I we can do it.
Magalie Marcellus: As needed once a month, because I know I'm still trying to schedule people and
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, have some of the newer patients as well. Okay, so
SUMMER: Well, you tell me what's your schedule like as far as, um, well, as I say, do you want to do.
SUMMER: Look at the calendar right now and see
SUMMER: What
SUMMER: Kind of feel like I want to schedule like next week, just because of chaos. It's been going on.
SUMMER: It would be nice to have some, you know, like if if there's some new developments on some of the things we talked about today.
Magalie Marcellus: Or if I should just schedule.
SUMMER: It out a week you know in two weeks. And then if something I need you before, then I could bother you.
Magalie Marcellus: How about two weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. But if something comes up in between.
Magalie Marcellus: The only child. So, okay, let's do that. Okay.
But
Magalie Marcellus: Let's see, to marsh watch accident.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'm trying to get the calendar much. Well, it's, yeah. Again, I'm appreciate that you are being able to be flexible because I know I've opened, and I know in and I saw yeah that I changed it because I wasn't ready to meet
SUMMER: By success. Okay, that's quite all right.
SUMMER: You know that it's not a problem. I'm just glad I caught that email because
Magalie Marcellus: I didn't realize that.
I'm really
Magalie Marcellus: Long follow but yeah
SUMMER: But no, I just had a check in on it, and especially
SUMMER: If I know that I send something to someone
SUMMER: Or I have something coming
SUMMER: Up like with you. No one's really emailing me but I had it in my head already that I'm seeing me on Thursday. So check your email have until the end to make
Magalie Marcellus: Sure, yeah.
Yeah.
SUMMER: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So do you want to keep back this. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Give me one second, because I have so many
Magalie Marcellus: Calendars to check everything. So I don't want anybody that's already
SUMMER: Okay guys.
Magalie Marcellus: Give me one second. Okay, okay, don't put the video.
SUMMER: Okay, that's nice.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So far,
Magalie Marcellus: Do you want six o'clock.
Six.
SUMMER: Is that easiest for you.
SUMMER: Or is
Magalie Marcellus: Like seven fine.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, um, right now, you have option because I don't have anything on the schedule yet. So if you want seven back and work so
Let's do
SUMMER: Let's do seven
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
SUMMER: HE DO THEY BRING IN FOR THE 11th or 12th.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm within the 12
Magalie Marcellus: OK.
SUMMER: OK, I just want to make sure I'm putting it in my calendar right now.
Magalie Marcellus: As we said seven
Magalie Marcellus: Again, feel free to reach out if anything's
SUMMER: Gonna I most
SUMMER: Definitely will
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and just make sure you save you know sometimes people go
Magalie Marcellus: Off the well so you don't be in a position and I can
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, potentially become balanced.
SUMMER: Exactly, so I'm
SUMMER: I've been really I think that's the biggest thing on my mind is trying to be very mindful about that exact thing.
SUMMER: And resume.
SUMMER: Around what's safe and what's that safe and
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
SUMMER: Is based on that.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And if you have to get other entities involved. And that's what you have to do.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but I hope that he can figure out something, then he if he wants that friendship.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
SUMMER: Right. Right. Exactly.
SUMMER: Maybe I just need a word that
Doesn't
SUMMER: Need to be
SUMMER: Like
SUMMER: No other
No. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: My goodness. But anything else we need to check him with today and
SUMMER: That really, those are just the big things. The
SUMMER: Chaos in the past. I'm sure that I could sit here for an hour.
Magalie Marcellus: I know there's always a lot going on.
SUMMER: But no, I'm good. I'm happy. We got to see, you know, kind of catch up on that note,
Magalie Marcellus: So, likewise, it's been a while. So, yes. Hopefully it's not going to be as long
SUMMER: As no oh no no no no.
SUMMER: I need to, you know, like I said, even the things like this. There are just maybe like that one hour that kind of lifts me up a little bit, even if I'm I'm feeling, you know, as crappy as I am right now. It's very helpful. So I need to just really stay on that.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, and
SUMMER: Keep that going. So, I will. I really appreciate
Magalie Marcellus: All
Your home is always
Magalie Marcellus: Walk. Again, this is we want you to win. And I know a lot of challenges, but with it. Yeah, whatever. I can do, man.
SUMMER: Thank you, Maggie. I really appreciate that.
Magalie Marcellus: All right.
Magalie Marcellus: And I will, I will reach out
SUMMER: If anything changes before
You get
SUMMER: Here for me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, good.
SUMMER: Yeah.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, tell me.
SUMMER: Guys, leaving with a lab. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah look good one. Good night.
SUMMER: Thank you.
Bye bye.